Update the Readme (#301)
mind-inria/hidimstat: README.rst

Reviewer: IMO, there are too many badges. I suggest: 
 - Remove Main_workflow, which is not explicit
 - Keep pypi version but remove latest release (or the other way around)
 - Remove format, contributor, and commit activity, which are more specific information that people can already find elsewhere if they are interested.

Reviewer 2: > Firstly, Main Workflow is the link to the CI. I think that it can be important to identify that the CI is good.

Is it possible to rename the badge then ?

Reviewer: - For CircleCI, I see the point of having a batch that redirects to the page, but for the main workflow, people could just click `Actions` from the top panel to access the CI, no? 
 - For the GitHub version, I don't see the added information showing the version. People know that they're using the latest version when they install from GitHub

Author: Badges are not only used in GitHub. 
It's also used by Pypi for the description of the package. 
Moreover, the badges are also a way to redirect people to the main repository when there are on a fork of someone else.

For the main workflow, the link redirects to the action of the main branch. This is different when you click on `Action` which redirects to all the GitHub actions without making a difference in the branches.

The GitHub version is based on the release of GitHub, it's different to the version installed from git. 

> Is it possible to rename the badge then ?

Yes, it's possible to rename it by rename the Github action. I propose CI which seems a bit more clear for me.

.. ## Define a hard line break in HTML
.. |br| raw:: html

  <br />

.. # Add the reference for the badges
.. ## Reference to the CI status

> .. |Linter&Tests| image:: https://github.com/mind-inria/hidimstat/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main

Reviewer: This badge does not render well

Author: It's normal because the name of the workflow is not yet modified.
It will be done with this PR.

   :target: https://github.com/mind-inria/hidimstat/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain
.. |CircleCI/Documentation| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/mind-inria/hidimstat.svg?style=shield
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/mind-inria/hidimstat?branch=main
.. |CodeCov| image:: https://codecov.io/github/mind-inria/hidimstat/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=O1YZDTFTNS
   :target: https://codecov.io/github/mind-inria/hidimstat
.. ## Distribution python
.. |PyPi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/hidimstat.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/
.. |PyPi_download| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/hidimstat
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/
.. |PythonVersion| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/hidimstat.svg?color=informational
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/
.. |Latest release| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/release/mind-inria/hidimstat.svg?color=brightgreen&label=latest%20release
.. ## Additional badge

> .. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/mind-inria/hidimstat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
In line with my suggestions to make the readme lighter: the license is already described in the "about" section, visible on the same webpage.

   :target: https://opensource.org/license/bsd-3-clause
.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black

.. # Add minimal dependecy of the main packages
  ## This need to update in same time that pyproject.toml
.. |PythonMinVersion| replace:: 3.9
.. |JoblibMinVersion| replace:: 1.2
.. |NumPyMinVersion| replace:: 1.25
.. |PandasMinVersion| replace:: 2.0
.. |SklearnMinVersion| replace:: 1.4
.. |SciPyMinVersion| replace:: 1.6
.. ## for plotting and for examples
.. |MatplotlibMinVersion| replace:: 3.9.0
.. |SeabornMinVersion| replace:: 0.9.0

=================================================================
HiDimStat: High-dimensional statistical inference tool for Python
=================================================================

.. # Add the different badge

|Linter&Tests| |CircleCI/Documentation| |CodeCov|

|PyPi| |PyPi format| |PyPi_download| |Latest release| |PythonVersion|

|GitHub contributors| |GitHub commit activity| |License| |Black|

.. # Short description of the library

The HiDimStat package provides statistical inference methods to solve the problem

> of support recovery in the context of high-dimensional and spatially structured data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of variable importance evaluation in the context of predictive model using high-dimensional and spatially structured data.
```

.. ## Define a hard line break in HTML
.. |br| raw:: html

  <br />

.. # Add the reference for the badges
.. ## Reference to the CI status
.. |Linter&Tests| image:: https://github.com/mind-inria/hidimstat/actions/workflows/main_workflow.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
   :target: https://github.com/mind-inria/hidimstat/actions/workflows/main_workflow.yml?query=branch%3Amain
.. |CircleCI/Documentation| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/mind-inria/hidimstat.svg?style=shield
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/mind-inria/hidimstat?branch=main
.. |CodeCov| image:: https://codecov.io/github/mind-inria/hidimstat/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=O1YZDTFTNS
   :target: https://codecov.io/github/mind-inria/hidimstat
.. ## Distribution python
.. |PyPi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/hidimstat.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/
.. |PyPi_download| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/hidimstat
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/
.. |PyPi format| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/format/hidimstat
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/hidimstat/

> .. |PythonVersion| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/hidimstat.svg?color=informational

Reviewer: Aren't we also testing for Python 3.13?

- SciPy (>= |SciPyMinVersion|)

HiDimStat's plotting capabilities require Matplotlib (>= |MatplotlibMinVersion|).

To run the examples, Matplotlib (>= |MatplotlibMinVersion|) and seaborn (>=
|SeabornMinVersion|) are required.

User installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. # Add the instruction for installation
  TODO add conda when it will be accessible

HiDimStat can easily be installed via ``pip``. For more installation information,
see the `installation instructions <https://hidimstat.github.io/dev/index.html#installation>`_.
::
  pip install -U hidimstat 

Contribute
----------

.. # Add short discription for contribution to the library

The best way to support the development of HiDimStat is to spread the word!

HiDimStat aims to be supported by an active community, and we welcome 
contributions to our code and documentation.

For bug reports, feature requests, documentation improvements, or other issues, 
you can create a `GitHub issue <https://github.com/mind-inria/hidimstat/issues>`_.

If you want to contribute directly to the library, check the 
`how to contribute <https://hidimstat.github.io/dev/how_to_contribute.html/>`_ page 
on the website for more information.

> Quick start for development

Reviewer: I think this section is also too specific to be in the readme. I suggest to create a dedicated page in the doc website or to put this in a separate readme.

+-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+
|    |avatar LK|    |    |avatar BT|    |     |avatar JP|   |    |avatar AR|    |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+-------------------+

.. |avatar LK| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17182418?v=4 
  :target: https://github.com/lionelkusch
.. |avatar BT| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/234454?v=4
  :target: https://github.com/bthirion
.. |avatar JP| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/56166877?v=4 
  :target: https://github.com/jpaillard
.. |avatar AR| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79699169?v=4 
  :target: https://github.com/AngelReyero

Citation
--------

If you use a HiDimStat method for your research, you'll find the associated 
reference paper in the method description, and we recommend that you cite it.

..
  TODO add the section for citing the library once a Zenodo repository is made
  or a paper is published.

If you publish a paper using HiDimStat, please contact us or open an issue! 
We would love to hear about your work and help you promote it.

> License

Reviewer: I think this section is redundant with both the badge and the about pannel in github
